CMP-1432 File Integrity Operator v0.1.30 release notes (#47830)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/file_integrity_operator/file-integrity-operator-release-notes.adoc

For an overview of the File Integrity Operator, see xref:../../security/file_integrity_operator/file-integrity-operator-understanding.adoc#understanding-file-integrity-operator[Understanding the File Integrity Operator].

[id="file-integrity-operator-release-notes-0-1-28"]
== OpenShift File Integrity Operator 0.1.28

The following advisory is available for the OpenShift File Integrity Operator 0.1.28:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:5538[RHBA-2022:5538 OpenShift File Integrity Operator Bug Fix]

[id="openshift-file-integrity-operator-0-1-28-bug-fixes"]
=== Bug fixes

> * Previously, the File Integrity Operator used broad permissions coupled with missing labels, causing log warnings about excessive permissions granted to the Operator. Now, permissions are reduced where appropriate and labels are applied to the namespace, reducing excessive warnings in the log files. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2088201[*BZ#2088201*])

Reviewer: > reducing excessive warnings in the log files.

nit: eliminating permission warnings in log files.

* Previously, alerts issued by the File Integrity Operator did not set a namespace, making it difficult to understand the nature of alert. Now, the Operator sets the appropriate namespace, increasing understanding of the alert. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2101393[*BZ#2101393*])

> * Previously, the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) deploy templates assumed `openshift-file-integrity namespace` permissions for the File Integrity Operator, creating permissions issues in the namespace. Now, the deploy resources used by OLM are updated to use the correct namespace, fixing the permission issues and users can install the Operator in non-default namespaces. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2104897[*BZ#2104897*])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Previously, the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) deployed templates that assumed `openshift-file-integrity namespace` permissions for the File Integrity Operator, creating permissions issues in the namespace. Now, the deploy resources used by OLM are updated to use the correct namespace. This update fixes the permission issues and users can install the Operator in non-default namespaces. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2104897[*BZ#2104897*])
```

> * Previously, the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) deploy templates assumed `openshift-file-integrity namespace` permissions for the File Integrity Operator, creating permissions issues in the namespace. Now, the deploy resources used by OLM are updated to use the correct namespace, fixing the permission issues and users can install the Operator in non-default namespaces. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2104897[*BZ#2104897*])

Author: Oh whoops, that should be `openshift-file-integrity` namespace, yes. Good catch! :fishing_pole_and_fish:

For an overview of the File Integrity Operator, see xref:../../security/file_integrity_operator/file-integrity-operator-understanding.adoc#understanding-file-integrity-operator[Understanding the File Integrity Operator].

[id="file-integrity-operator-release-notes-0-1-30"]
== OpenShift File Integrity Operator 0.1.30

The following advisory is available for the OpenShift File Integrity Operator 0.1.30:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:5538[RHBA-2022:5538 OpenShift File Integrity Operator Bug Fix and Enhancement Update]

[id="file-integrity-operator-0-1-30-new-features-and-enhancements"]
=== New features and enhancements

* The File Integrity Operator is now supported on the following architectures:
+
** IBM Power

> ** IBM Z and LinuxONE

Reviewer 3: Just wondering if Z enablement necessarily means LinuxONE (perhaps it does).

Author: Yes, I confirmed with our IBM partner engineer. They specifically requested this formatting. Thanks for confirming :+1:

For an overview of the File Integrity Operator, see xref:../../security/file_integrity_operator/file-integrity-operator-understanding.adoc#understanding-file-integrity-operator[Understanding the File Integrity Operator].

[id="file-integrity-operator-release-notes-0-1-29"]
== OpenShift File Integrity Operator 0.1.29

The following advisory is available for the OpenShift File Integrity Operator 0.1.29:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:5538[RHBA-2022:5538 OpenShift File Integrity Operator Bug Fix and Enhancement Update]

[id="file-integrity-operator-0-1-29-new-features-and-enhancements"]
=== New features and enhancements

* The File Integrity Operator is now supported on the following architectures:
+
** IBM Power

> ** IBM Z

Reviewer 4: @sheriff-rh Can you please add LinuxONE: 

** IBM Z and LinuxONE

[id="file-integrity-operator-0-1-30-bug-fixes"]
=== Bug fixes

> * Previously, the File Integrity Operator used broad permissions coupled with missing labels, causing log warnings about excessive permissions granted to the Operator. Now, permissions are reduced where appropriate and labels are applied to the namespace, eliminating permission warnings in the log files. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2088201[*BZ#2088201*])

Reviewer 3: I don't think we should document this one, because it was primarily an upstream fix to silence the warnings, and customers normally installing from the marketplace will still see the warnings. 

The actual downstream fix will come later when OLM can adjust our namespace labels for us.

> * Previously, alerts issued by the File Integrity Operator did not set a namespace, making it difficult to understand where the alert originated. Now, the Operator sets the appropriate namespace, increasing understanding of the alert. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2101393[*BZ#2101393*])

Reviewer 3: This one's fine. I think it's the only one we need to document here.

> * Previously, the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) deployed templates that assumed `openshift-file-integrity` namespace permissions for the File Integrity Operator, creating permissions when attempting to use the Operator outside the default namespace. Now, the deploy resources used by OLM are updated to use the correct namespace. This update fixes the permission issues and users can install the Operator in non-default namespaces. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2104897[*BZ#2104897*])

Reviewer 3: I think this is a no-document one as well. Changes to let us install into a non-openshift* namespace came about after 0.1.24 (the bug was discovered on 0.1.26)

> * Previously, the File Integrity Operator daemon used `ClusterRoles` instead of `Roles`, resulting in Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) failures when upgrading the Operator. Now, the `ClusterRoles` have been reverted to `Roles` and upgrading the File Integrity Operator is successful. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2108475[*BZ#2108475*])

Reviewer: We did have one recent change here https://github.com/openshift/file-integrity-operator/pull/272/files

Double checking with @mrogers950 to make sure this part is still accurate.

Reviewer 3: This one's a no-docs too
